Docs: Deployment guides, introduce AKS guide, strip out azure pieces from GKE guide (#28)
CrowdStrike/falcon-integration-gateway: README.md

## Developer Guide

> Start with learning about the [backends](fig/backends). Instruction may differ slightly depending of your backend of interest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start with learning about the different [backends](fig/backends). Instructions may differ slightly depending on the backend of interest.
```
